add-old-push-docker (#51)
giantswarm/architect-orb: README.md

              only: /^v.*/
```

### push-to-docker-legacy

> Same as `push-to-docker` with only change that the docker image tag is only including SHA of commit instead of version + SHA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Same as `push-to-docker` with only change that the docker image tag only includes the commit SHA instead of version + SHA.
```
